README.md, before:

# Final Project - Expense Tracker
Contributors:
- Haren Eshwaran
- Luis Gonzalez
- Nathaniel Courtney Bricker
- Tyler Shannon

## Project Summary
This project allows a user to track their expenses. Users will be able to enter their expenses, income, goals with the amount and description and view a table of all of their transactions

## Building this project
### Prerequisites
- [Java](https://www.java.com/en/download/manual.jsp)
- [Git](https://git-scm.com/downloads)
- An editor (preferably IntelliJ Idea)

Cloning this project:
```bash
git https://github.com/bsu-cs222-fall25-dll/Final-ExpenseTracker.git
```

### Running this project
- **Through the terminal**: You can then open this project within your editor and run the `Main.java` file which is within the `src/main/java/edu/bsu/cs` folder.

This project aims to be a user-friendly, stable, and lightweight app for logging financial activity.

### Assumptions:
- User has Intellij and Gradle setup on their computer  
To quickly install Intellij, run:  
```winget install JetBrains.IntelliJIDEA.Community```
- To install Gradle, 
---
As of v2.0 the CLI option is removed. Run Main.java and you'll receive the new GUI dashboard.

Options include:
-

Commit message:

Add suppress warnings to unused action event variables

README.md, after:

# Final Project - Expense Tracker
Contributors:
- Haren Eshwaran
- Luis Gonzalez
- Nathaniel Courtney Bricker
- Tyler Shannon

## Project Summary
This project allows a user to track their expenses. Users will be able to enter their expenses, income, goals with the amount and description and view a table of all of their transactions

## Building this project
### Prerequisites
- [Java](https://www.java.com/en/download/manual.jsp)
- [Git](https://git-scm.com/downloads)
- An editor (preferably IntelliJ Idea)

Cloning this project:
```bash
git https://github.com/bsu-cs222-fall25-dll/Final-ExpenseTracker.git
```

### Running this project
- **Through the terminal**: You can then open this project within your editor and run the `Main.java` file which is within the `src/main/java/edu/bsu/cs` folder.

This project aims to be a user-friendly, stable, and lightweight app for logging financial activity.

### Assumptions:
- User has Intellij and Gradle setup on their computer  
To quickly install Intellij, run:  
```winget install JetBrains.IntelliJIDEA.Community```
- To install Gradle, 
---
As of v2.0 the CLI option is removed. Run Main.java and you'll receive the new GUI dashboard.

### Suppressed warnings
There are 2 suppressed warning currently in `src/main/java/edu/bsu/cs/Controller` in the `addTransaction()` and `removeTransaction()` methods due to their arguments being unused. These arguments cant be removed due to JavaFX needing them.
